Benchmarks and performance enhancements (#209)
pioardi/poolifier: benchmarks/README.md

# Poolifier Benchmarks

Welcome to poolifier benchmarks and thanks to look into this project.

## Folder Structure

The internal folder contains poolifier internal benchmarks.
The versus-external-pools folder contains benchmarks versus other Node.js pools.

## Poolifier vs other pools benchmark

To compare poolifier pools performance vs other pools performance we chose to use [hyperfine](https://github.com/sharkdp/hyperfine).
We chose to use this tool because it allows to run isolated Node.js processes so that each pool does not impact each other.

> We will other more details on each function that we benchmarked.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence

Author: I mean "we will add more details"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will add more details on each function that we benchmark.
```
